# DOMPurify
DOMPurify is a simple XSS filter evasion. The sanitize() function strips 
certain substrings out of the user's input, such as '<script>', '<?php', 
and 'onerror'. 

There are many valid solutions. You simply need to execute `alert('XSS');` 
to retrieve the flag. `sanitize()` removes `<script>` tags, but not other 
HTML elements like `<img>`. Further, only `onerror` and `onload` are 
stripped, leaving other attributes like `onmouseover` valid.

Example Payload
```html
<img src="x" onmousehover="alert('XSS');"></img>
```

# Agent
Accessing Agent reveals that access is denied unless using the 
'CyberEagles Proprietary Browser'. Enabling Dev Tools and going to the 
Network tab and refreshing the page will allow you to see the initial GET 
request and the 401 associated with unauthorized access. You can modify 
and resend this request, and modify `User-Agent` in the request headers to 
be "CyberEagles Proprietary Browser". Sending the request with the 
modified headers will reveal the flag in the response.

# Source
Analzying the source of the page reveals a comment about `?source=true` 
URL query paramater. Appending that query paramater to the URL will then 
reveal the server-side code to to the Express route for the `/source` 
page. This challenge requires working knowledge of source-code review and 
URL query paramaters. 

Analyzing the source code of the Express app reveals that there are 
certain URL query paramaters that must exist, as well as meet certain 
conditions. Making the URL match the requirements will reveal the flag.

`flag=true`

`urls=aa` (Length must be >1)

`number=1271.00000000` (Length must be 13 and the integer representation 
must be 1271)

`username=administrator` (Base64 decoded text of the string)

# Metflix
Metflix introduces the user to a simple login form. Entering any 
combination of credentials will result in an 'Invalid Login' error 
message. This challenge is based on IDOR. Looking at the cookies, there is 
a cookie, `username`, with a default value set to `guest`. Changing the 
cookie to anything besides `guest` will result in a "Welcome back, 
{username}" message, as well as the flag. This is because the server is 
insecurely referencing the cookie to decide the user's login status and as 
who. 


